Add Content for `.airflowignore` (#1710)
astronomer/docs: astro/develop-project.md

:::

### Ignore files with `.airflowignore`

> When you create an `.airflowignore` file, the files or directories listed in `.airflowignore` are not parsed by the Airflow scheduler. DAGs listed in this file aren't deployed and don't appear in the Airflow UI. The `.airflowignore` file and the files listed in it must be in the same `dags` directory of your Astro project. For more information about `.airflowignore`, see [`.airflowignore` in the Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/dags.html#airflowignore). To learn more about the code deploy process, see [What happens during a code deploy](deploy-code.md#what-happens-during-a-code-deploy).

Reviewer: worth mentioning here that changes to `.airflowignore` take effect without the need to restart Airflow. The scheduler will ignore the files mentioned in `.airflowignore` when parsing the DAGs.

Author: @manmeetkaur I've added a statement following the final procedure step. Thanks!

:::

### Ignore files with `.airflowignore`

> When you create an `.airflowignore` file, the files or directories listed in `.airflowignore` are not parsed by the Airflow scheduler. DAGs listed in this file aren't deployed and don't appear in the Airflow UI. The `.airflowignore` file and the files listed in it must be in the same `dags` directory of your Astro project. For more information about `.airflowignore`, see [`.airflowignore` in the Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/dags.html#airflowignore). To learn more about the code deploy process, see [What happens during a code deploy](deploy-code.md#what-happens-during-a-code-deploy).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create an `.airflowignore` file in the `dags` directory of your Astro project that you can use to have certain files ignored when you deploy to Astro or develop locally. This can be helpful if your team has a single Git repository that contains DAGs for multiple projects.

Files or directories listed in `.airflowignore` are not parsed by the Airflow scheduler. DAGs listed in this file aren't deployed and don't appear in the Airflow UI. The `.airflowignore` file and the files listed in it must be in the same `dags` directory of your Astro project.

For more information about `.airflowignore`, see [`.airflowignore` in the Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/dags.html#airflowignore). To learn more about the code deploy process, see [What happens during a code deploy](deploy-code.md#what-happens-during-a-code-deploy).
```

- Made 1st statement an active statement. I like the "You can do this to do x"
- Added a "This can be helpful if" to clarify use case for the user

1. In the `dags` directory of your Astro project, create a new file named `.airflowignore`.

2. List the files or sub-directories you want ignored when you push code to Astro or when you are developing locally. You should list the path for each file or directory relative to the `dags` directory. For example: 

    ```text
    mydag.py
    data-team-dags
    some-dags/ignore-this-dag.py
    ``` 
    

> 3. Save your changes. 
> 
>     After adding an `.airflowignore` file, you don't need to restart Airflow to implement the changes. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Save your changes locally or deploy to Astro.

    Your local Airflow environment is automatically updated as soon as you save your changes to `.airflowignore`. To apply your change in Astro, you need to deploy. See [Deploy code](deploy-code.md).
```

:::

### Ignore files with `.airflowignore`

You can create an `.airflowignore` file in the `dags` directory of your Astro project to identify the files to ignore when you deploy to Astro or develop locally. This can be helpful if your team has a single Git repository that contains DAGs for multiple projects.

> The `.airflowignore` file and the files listed in it must be in the same `dags` directory as your Astro project. Files or directories listed in `.airflowignore` are not parsed by the Airflow scheduler and the DAGs listed in the file don't appear in the Airflow UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.airflowignore` file and the files listed in it must all be in the same `dags` directory of your Astro project. Files or directories listed in `.airflowignore` are not parsed by the Airflow scheduler and the DAGs listed in the file don't appear in the Airflow UI.
```

not "as" but "of" (its the dags directory IN the project)

> Files or directories listed in `.airflowignore` are not parsed by the Airflow scheduler. DAGs listed in this file aren't deployed and don't appear in the Airflow UI. The `.airflowignore` file and the files listed in it must be in the same `dags` directory of your Astro project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.airflowignore` file and the files listed in it must be in the same `dags` directory of your Astro project. Files or directories listed in `.airflowignore` are not parsed by the Airflow scheduler during its regular process every few seconds. DAGs listed in this file don't appear in the Airflow UI.
```
